Hamas called it Alex of floods we call
ours flood it with Israeli Flags say the
participants of the so-called annual
flag
March almost immediately after they
arrived in occupied East Jerusalem the
openly racist Ultra nationalist Israelis
began attacking Palestinians living in
The Old
City no one was safe from the violence
journalists even reporters from Israeli
newspapers were hit
the crowd chanted death to
Arabs members of the farri right party
led by national security minister itar
benav made incursions into alaxa Moss
compound and despite an agreement with
the Israeli authorities and the
Jordanian work who managed the site not
to do so they raised flags and prayed at
the site an open provocation designed to
escalate tensions this year I think
there's a direct intention to set fire
um so I think B here and the rest of the
rightwing experienced ministers H what
they're doing right now is to try to do
as much as they can by any means H to
stop the hostage
deal the police triy to stop the ultr
national Israelis attacking Palestinians
but this was not designed to protect
those being attacked but to support the
attackers in previous years no Israeli
has ever been arrested during the
so-called flag March in fact pales Ians
have been arrested simply for defending
themselves so far this year three
Palestinians have been
detained Flag Day as it is officially
called is supposed to celebrate the
annexation and control of East Jerusalem
after the 1967 war an illegal
unification that under international law
is called occupation every year there
are challenges mounted in Israeli courts
to try and change the route of the march
to try and avoid occupied East Jerusalem
and every year the courts approve the
March and that's despite all of the
violence that takes place Imran Khan Al
jazer Aman
Jordan make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer